Update v4 migration documentation (#2236)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: docs2/site/docs/guides/document-caching.md

# Document Caching

In order to process a GraphQL request, the incoming request must be parsed and validated prior to execution. The parsed and validated

> request may be cached in order to save execution time the next time the same request is executed. For usage patterns where the same

Reviewer: We need to explain what _the same_ requests mean. With or without operation name, with or without variables.

Author: ```suggestion
document may be cached in order to save execution time the next time the same document is executed. Note that the
request may select a different operation or have different variables but still be the same document. For usage patterns where the same
```

> requests are executed repeatedly, caching can be enabled in order to increase throughput at the cost of memory use. As this may be

Author: ```suggestion
document is executed repeatedly, caching can be enabled in order to increase throughput at the cost of memory use. As this may be
```

> detrimental to performance for certain workloads, it is disabled by default.

Reviewer: _for_ performance?

Author: ```suggestion
detrimental for performance for certain workloads, it is disabled by default.
```

Document caching is provided through the `IDocumentCache` interface. To enable document caching, you will need to construct the document
executer instance with a `IDocumentCache` implementation. There is a memory-backed implementation called `MemoryDocumentCache` in the NuGet

> [GraphQL.Caching](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GraphQL.Caching/) package. The implementation is backed by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GraphQL.Caching](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GraphQL.Caching) package. The implementation is backed by
```

`Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.IMemoryCache` and provides options for specifying the maximum amount of objects to cache
(measured in total length of the cached queries), and/or the expiration time of cached queries.

Below are samples of how to use the caching engine:

> ```cs

Reviewer: c# or csharp , cs doesn't highlight syntax

Author: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

var memoryDocumentCache = new MemoryDocumentCache(new MemoryDocumentCacheOptions {
    // maximum total cached query length of 1,000,000 bytes (assume 10x memory usage

>     // for 10MB maximum memory use by the cache)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // for 10MB maximum memory use by the cache - parsed AST and other stuff)
```

    SizeLimit = 1000000,
    // no expiration of cached queries (cached queries are only ejected when the cache is full)
    SlidingExpiration = null,
});

var executer = new DocumentExecuter(
    new GraphQLDocumentBuilder(),
    new DocumentValidator(),
    new ComplexityAnalyzer(),
    memoryDocumentCache);
```

If you utilize dependency injection, register the memory cache and document executer as singletons. Below is a sample for the

> Microsoft dependency injection service provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` service provider:
```

[GraphQL.Caching](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GraphQL.Caching) package. The implementation is backed by
`Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.IMemoryCache` and provides options for specifying the maximum amount of objects to cache
(measured in total length of the cached queries), and/or the expiration time of cached queries.

Below are samples of how to use the caching engine:

```csharp
var memoryDocumentCache = new MemoryDocumentCache(new MemoryDocumentCacheOptions {
    // maximum total cached query length of 1,000,000 bytes (assume 10x memory usage
    // for 10MB maximum memory use by the cache - parsed AST and other stuff)
    SizeLimit = 1000000,
    // no expiration of cached queries (cached queries are only ejected when the cache is full)
    SlidingExpiration = null,
});

var executer = new DocumentExecuter(
    new GraphQLDocumentBuilder(),
    new DocumentValidator(),
    new ComplexityAnalyzer(),
    memoryDocumentCache);
```

If you utilize dependency injection, register the memory cache and document executer as singletons. Below is a sample for the
`Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` service provider:

> ```cs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```
